daily
Ah!
You little white face
Dare to get my hands dirty
Brother Li, someone smashed the scene
Come on, little white face
You wait for me to die
I advise you to hurry up and serve my uncle
I can still save your life
Otherwise you will die too
Mr. Lu, let's go
It's none of your business.
It was this little white face who broke my hand
Do you want to avenge your brother?
Who stays in Lao Tzu's place?
teacher
I'm going to teach these guys a lesson today
Not supported
Luo
Mr. Luo Siye Ding
What are you doing?
This is the man.
You shut up
Do you know who this man is?
It's fine if Fourth Master Luo doesn't enter this person
Otherwise, your grandfather can't stand you.
Get out of here
Ok ok I don't want to see this dog again
YES YES YES